wow that the frame that was right there
was
crazy okay so yeah so we got a lot to do
I have wait hold on so I should be able
to add a video capture
device add
existing I don't even know if that's
right oh
okay so let's see here we want to make
it kind of more like that oh
wait okay so what do we
have we have
the bottom
plate bottom
plate the four
pillars the
gear the
brackets Top
Gear the top plate this will probably go
like that
there this is the um motor
mount and then the fly
wheels and the only part that's really
missing is the
um um the solenoid holder which is being
printed right now uh so yeah so let's
just uh get to it I have a document
actually called assembly. MD that tells
me what I need to do so the first thing
I need to do is get a
screwdriver okay I'm G to move this just
slightly see is
that
okay so let's
uh let's do this so I'm going to be
using
M2 by10 self-tapping
screws so we're just going to see how
this goes with the first
one um this is basically totally
redesigned so you know whenever you
redesign something I mean most of it is
exactly the same but you know there's
small changes
and I'm not sure I know I like all of
the changes
so one of the changes here that happened
was um oh [__] wait also I want to check
that I'm actually on live because I I
mean it says I
am but just go to
YouTube it should be red up here
right okay we're
good all
right so
um okay so yeah so one of the changes
that was made during this redesign was I
before these small
pillars um had small indents in the
bottom plate so that you could align
them but what I found though is that
since the
um the face that the the first layer
basically this the way this the printer
orients this is uh from this side is at
the bottom that then these slight
indents they either need supports or if
you don't have supports it gets all wiry
and it gets very hard
to um take them off you kind of have to
cut them off so I figured okay maybe
since they're so small it won't be that
hard to get this
in but and the the the the other thing
is the other thing is that I didn't
think about until now is the reason why
you can do something like this for a
small part like these pillars is that
you're not going to be constantly taking
them on and off but whereas the gear so
later on when we finish this in the
assembly this no longer has holes that
you can completely see through so this
obviously needs to go all the way
through but these are now 8 mm deep
holes that I'm going to use threaded
inserts for so we're going to try out
threaded inserts because threaded
inserts will make
disassembly of this part much
easier honestly it's not like this thing
well I remember having to take it apart
a lot but I don't remember
why I think I only had to take it apart
because I redid the top
plate anyways the main annoyance of it
though was indexing it was indexing it
indexing being the process of getting
the holes to line up
so yeah
so I think what we want to
do is
actually do both of
them wait
so we're going to need eight of
these I think I only put in one in last
time but that's cuz I was sort of short
on these things but since I bought this
kit I'm sort of good 2 four six s
okay so let's get another one in
here dude buying buying the right tools
is actually the one of the biggest Pro
strats though of this whole thing wait I
need like a yeah I need my notebook
they don't scratch
this all right I'm going to fix the
camera in a
second how is that that's a little bit
better
okay okay so now that it's sticking
[Music]
through get it like
this then you pull it back a little bit
actually so that
the so it binds to the right
spot I mean that's not going anywhere
the thing is the es that this takes are
so
minimal that thing's not going anywhere
you can lift the whole thing
okay two four five one more six
okay so assembly is
honestly these do not need to be 5 mils
uh it's just I I bounc so much stuff to
wall just because it made it made it
easier and it cut down on the number of
oh [__] I just screwed into
that let's do it on the
paper honestly I'm just going to do one
I
think one is
so
enough okay so now that it's here you
pull it
back now it's flush and then you can put
it back in
it's not as strong and it can
rotate but I can't be bothered with
I'm doing this the right
way I don't think I ever made a
parameter for self-tapping clearance but
I think it's half a mil because I'm
pretty sure these holes are 1.5 and
these self-tapping are m2s so you know
but yeah indexing these is way better
than indexing the that gear because you
get basically no visibility with that
gear okay
yeah it's
strong definitely not as strong as this
this you can feel it cuz you can tell
that it
rotates whatever whatever
okay
the fact that there's this little cap
here that spins is so
chill okay I wonder if YouTube sends a
go go live notifications cuz I know
twitch
does I'm going to ask actually I'll ask
all later okay so there we go that's the
first step the second step is put the
motor so we got to go get our motor
which means I need to go
disconnect that one so I will pan over
there actually I'll just bring the thing
over here
um how should I do this maybe like
that
okay you can kind of see it I move all
this there we go now it's in the sun all
right so we're going to be taking this
apart
so let's just give get all the
electronics off of
here okay now we need
to get my
wrenches at my little
metric my little
metric I think these are
M3s no they're
M4 okay
and I'm sort of hoping to design the
hopper
today we'll see if we can get to the
hopper cuz we still we need to assemble
everything then the real goal is to get
this
um solenoid to be control so for anyone
that's remember we have this solenoid
and right
now I tried but I can't get it so you're
supposed to use a mosfet to take the
Pico's output a digital pin output and
then
control um control a mosfet that
connects to a power supply to actually
use this this solenoid and one thing
that's surprising to me about solenoids
this thing draws 8 amps of current which
is pretty
crazy8 amps at 12 volts
I mean that's
insane okay so now we need to get my
vice okay big VI and little VI
so how do we want to do this WEA want to
put the little
one so for those that don't know the way
you use a
vice is it has this clamp it has a
spring and it has a turning thing which
allows you to
loosen basically increase the distance
between this
clutch so then you get it so that it's
tight around around your object
there we
go now that it's
loose so you sort of just fold it you
can loosen it
can you see me you can kind of see me
okay now this thing can move
freely so what we need to do is we need
to get this top plate off
okay now if we push this through now we
have the top plate
off okay so now let's just keep taking
things apart
well I'm so excited to use these
threaded inserts this is going to be big
for me
We need oh
actually you know what I'm I
realized hold
on all right what I realized is that
um
so for this this needs to be very strong
this thing that holds the motors because
these vibrate like crazy now the problem
is these
um nuts and bolts keep falling out which
is really kind of bad because that means
this thing could just come
apart
and I'm wondering if I could use
threaded inserts in addition to these
These Nuts and Bolts and make it maybe
make it a little bit
stronger where do we put that all I
think this is the M3 one
it's such a pain getting these in
here oh it's going to be even more of a
pain
actually because I lowered it this
design might be no good where is
it if we take
this there's going to be no way of
getting a
maybe we'll put the the bolt in from the
bottom
oh wait here's what I dude I'm so dumb
take off this
first then it's easy to put these back
on for
man I have printed so many
flywheels so many
flywheels okay now we can use this allen
wrench to easily get to
these maybe you can do it
maybe it's going to be really annoying
though
what is what clearance was on that that
was not
what you really want is clearances to be
about ratios because as the size of the
bolt goes down or you want it to be the
ratio of the size of the bolt and the uh
and the no and the the 3D printer's
nozzle diameter I feel like because
these M3s are hard to get in there but
if you if you put no I don't know what
I'm talking about I'm just making crap
up all right the drones have been
freed hey
oh
[Music]
um screwdriver
screwdriver on top wait hold on
can you hear me what's up bro Eduardo
thanks for tuning in bro maybe another
support on
top um [__] it doesn't give me time
stamps let me see if I can get time
stamps oh there we go time stamps was it
t0 oh that was like six minutes ago all
right well if you're still here bro
thanks a lot
okay
um so yeah so this
was this piece here was the absolute
bane of my existence because if you can
see there's two very small self-tapping
screws on here and
um they're impossible to line up with
the the gear underneath there's just no
index
whatsoever what I could do is I could
have made them through hole and then you
could at least align it up with with a
light shining through but even still
it's just
like I'm going to try these self-tapping
things and we're going to see how that
goes I'm very excited about that
honestly plus it should make assembly
generally easier okay so now this is all
taken apart and it's all old
Parts um this is new so we're going to
leave this over here okay now we need
um all we might as well reclaim all
these self-tapping
screws so I spent a good amount of time
well in the redesign I've made a lot of
things lower profile and I think that
that might actually be a pain in the
butt because
often times you need to get your hands
underneath it so you can hold something
tight the other thing that I totally
flubbed was
um yeah I made a really big mistake I
should probably print reprint the bottom
plate because the problem with the
bottom plate is I
um okay so if you're draw if you're
trying to draw a you draw a circle and
you extrude it now you have the top you
have this the top of the bottom plate
then you draw a circle on the bottom of
the bottom plate and you make
it uh some amount less than the um or
sorry you're and you're working
diametrically you have to you have to
multiply by two anyways so the wall
thickness is not right which is very
upsetting because the whole point of
reprinting the bottom plate which takes
like 3 hours is that you I wanted it to
be stronger because and I'll show you in
a second that this plate under the load
of of having a motor on it gets totally
warped I don't know if you can see that
from here but it gets totally
warped so
um huge
issue okay now we
need an
M5 and M5
jobby to take out the set screws of the
first and I forget if this part needs to
be needed to be reprinted I'm pretty
sure that I changed the height of it
okay oh yeah I know we have some nuts in
here okay B dumb
part
now support the motor from the bottom
while you're taking this off
okay now the motor is out of this thing
now we just want
to man the thing I spent the most time
with on that new design was just getting
these
um was just getting the holes that go
into the bottom plate to be tangent or
perpendicular I spent so much time on
that but now it makes sense you
basically
make a plane at a angle to
like the uh XZ
plane then you make an offset plane from
that plane and uh then you do a circular
pattern and then you circular pattern
again and that gives you basically the
feature and then then the other Pro
Strat from uh on shape is that you don't
do a circular part feature that's not
the way to do it what you want to do is
an
assembly okay so now this is completely
taken apart you can see just how mangled
this thing really gets you can see it's
like a smooshed pancake and it's totally
screwed up so unfortunately I think that
actually this wall thickness is
two and with this was supposed to be
five but it's two and a half because I
made the inner diameter here I made it
245 instead of two 240 so anyways I just
did the math wrong and that's kind of a
big bummer because you know I don't know
okay so I'm going
to let's see clean off a little bit
okay wow so just for reference get this
free the this is how many parts go into
that that's a lot of
parts okay so
um okay so the very first thing I want
to try actually
okay the very first thing I want to try
is I'm going to use this soldering iron
here and I want to
get and I'm pretty sure let's see if
it's in
my m4x 8x6
okay all
right oh wait this plate needs to go
too all
right so I this I'm doing this for the
very first
time but the idea is you take this you
take
this and you have
these threaded
inserts m4x 8X 6 and so now this hole is
slightly less than the diameter of this
and you can see that there's this word
that people like to use called nurl and
it's it's k n
Ur L
nled and I don't know if you're supposed
to put
them I think you're supposed to put
it down like
this wait so I need two of
them okay so I'm sort of doing the
assembly out of order here but that's
only because I I'm excited so here's
what we do you put you slot that in oh
yeah you slot that in and now you have
an index okay this thing is hot so now
you
just you're supposed to just be able to
just push this in here
oh yeah it's
going oh it's
going
cool so now you have these little
threaded inserts I'm going to get an
M4 bolt here we're just going to
see just how strong these things are I
really don't want to strip it though
it's still
hot I think it'll do so this is great so
let's just do the second
one whoa this thing got hot too wow okay
so the Heat transfer is not no joke you
got to be
careful you don't touch these things
after
they're
in
nice so that's it for now that worked
really well so now what I want to know
is how
easy is it to do this
I think this is going to be quite easy
so we want so we got eight down here we
got five here so we probably
want twelves we probably want twelves so
yeah so this is what we
want so we're going to just put this
through
here get a couple of turns on it
okay oh
yeah that's the stuff now let's see oh
this is strong enough yeah that's
great threaded inserts highly recommend
cool wait these are all mixed
up okay
oh what you need to do with this this
part now is you need to
um you need to really tighten it down
before you put this
on so wait do I have that in my assembly
file use self-tapping to put okay you
put the fasten the fasten the motor put
the small gear on the shaft and you set
put mounting brackets onto the bottom
plate put the blcs together with the fly
wheels
okay okay so yeah that's what that's
what I said okay right that's the only
way to do
it okay what's next so then
now we can do that motor stuff later
let's just put
these these
on so we need
okay oh wait these might be too long
no they're good but I mean they are too
long but they're
fine yes so the problem is when you need
to take it
off
um oh and you know why these are too
long is cuz since okay so in the
previous Design This is a feature that I
didn't include in this
um redesign was that um
we need to increase the clearance on
this these aren't working out
um yeah I didn't include the magnet the
the rotary what are they
called magnetic
encoders I didn't include that on here
but that made
this
thicker there we go
oh okay
so um on shape
fixes M
uh the BLC magnet needs at least a small
hole in the
motor yeah so I didn't put a hole
there um
all right that's
fine okay I am going to tighten these
down with the
vice okay so I think the pro the pro
Strat way to deal with these vices is
you go like
this you get it to where you want you
tighten it then you loosen it then you
tighten it a little bit
more and now it's on there and now I can
use my allen wrench to just really get
it exactly how I want
it okay
all
right so
that's hopefully not going
anywhere hopefully it's staying
put oh and I should add a note here when
doing
this when doing this make sure you put
the cables of the
BLC on the right
on the same side since the design is
symmetrical I don't have to actually
specify ASI
the nut intro to nuts and bolts nuts and
bolts 101 the nuts and bolts of nuts and
bolts hi everyone Welcome To Nuts and
Bolts 101 this is the nuts and bolts of
nuts and bolts
[Music]
during the during the synthesizer
project go check my channel for that my
favorite tool was the Dremel tool I
think my favorite tool is the vice grip
for this
oh I meant to look up my oh guys I
forgot to say you are no long no longer
am I a neat pilled incel live streaming
to absolutely no one on the internet I
am now a net pill not
not wait I'm not in employment or
training net pilled I am I am being
educated at the
moment your boy is going to school oh I
don't remember how I tighten this one
down
okay that's good enough for me so now
the next step is get some
cof
e e
okay back to
assembly
um what do we need to do now we need
to okay let's put
the okay so we have our fly Wheels wait
is
I yeah you can see this okay so
now these things use what's called a
collet collet is a very cool design I
like them a lot if you can
see uh this there's slits on here that
allow it to deform under tension so or
compression rather so when it gets
compressed it locks down onto the shaft
of the motor and this is how you keep
things tight
so I have this which allows me to put
this on here like
that okay so this goes
down e
all
right so to put this together again use
the
vice loosen it a
bunch need to be way looser than
that okay then you tighten it to where
it's touching both
faces then you tighten it a little bit
more and now it's good to
go then you can just tighten it down
really good because this is this is the
thing that needs
to this is what keeps people safe is
this bolt here or this nut
here so you really don't want to play
around with this
one okay
you might not be able to see
this but they're slightly angled and
that's because I don't have there's a
small magnet under these and they uh
whatever whatever there's a small magnet
it's causing an
interference okay
what is the next step of assembly the
next step of
assembly
oh let me think about this if we put the
bolts through
here tighten that then we put this
down no I think that that's the way we
want to do it okay wait actually so
yeah I'm switching it
around cuz with a vice it's not that
hard to get in there but it it's going
to be impossible to get uh okay so we
need to do so we have this oops so we
have that gear we just need our
motor okay so this is a nean 17 stepper
motor and we just um oh I don't like how
these things rotate to be honest but
whatever okay so this slots in there
really nicely we just need to get
our what
M3s I don't remember what size
okay I seem to have
lost one I was really hoping to avoid
losing Parts but I guess it's inevitable
so this is an
m whatever three three is enough
oh no did I project
these I don't remember how I did
this whatever it's fine so we want the
cable to be facing outward
I feel like
somehow
for
for for
yeah so uh small hole in the motor mount
but
also okay whatever this this motor one
okay so this was a total fail for some
somehow somehow the
um well they don't have enough clearance
but they seem misaligned so
both both the BLC
to uh motor
mount p
spacing and the Nema pole spacing seems
too tight and too close
together that's really annoying but
whatever
it's
fine it's fine buddy it's
fine yeah this is just not going to
work okay
so now we want the gear which
is where's that small
gear so this small gear has a Hub in it
and you put nuts in it and I'm pretty
sure
I am pretty
sure okay it's M4
damn
we're going to need to print another one
of these I think I made this exact or
just slightly too um
damn
it all right I just try this to get it
out this seemed to work pretty well turn
on the soldering iron touch that
thing that that that shaft must be made
out of steel what is Steel's normal
melting
temperature it's not a Roomba it's not
going to move like that but uh it's
going to shoot like Nerf
darts um
steel melting
temperature oh yeah it's really
high so we should be able
to okay so this gear just does not come
off so if I do
this and I try to lift this up
I don't know how long I'm going to have
to
wait the thing is I'm only touching the
tip so the heat transfer is slow
damn this
sucks can't believe I did
that
well wait is it working
there we go oh don't want to breathe
that okay cool so we need to we need to
reprint that so I'm going
to go to this okay so we have 10 minutes
left on the solenoid holder we need to
reprint that
Gear with just slightly more clearance
okay slightly more clearance no
problem should I do it again no no no
that's stupid why would I do that
okay
so I'm also going to take the drill and
just give me a little bit more clearance
so I can mount this but we need to fix
it in
CAD but I don't understand how that even
happened how did we get those circles in
the first
place okay so first the first the gear
so the gear is going to be in the bottom
plate or no
no it's
not wait in the full
assembly we have the gear so that means
in bottom
assembly okay so here we need to open
this edit in
context oh
wait stepper
move to New sub
assembly
copy switch that's that's what I'm
looking for switch okay so we have this
and
now hex Flats clearance but we don't
have a oh we have
this okay
it's
probably not
that 5.2 stepper shaft
diameter stepper Chef gear clearance
stepper shaft gear clearance where is
that is that in
my buck it let's make it
point4 okay and then we want
to then we want to go to the bottom
plate how much can people see hopefully
okay so now where did so let's turn off
planes where did these features come
from okay so wait so where did this
number come
from mounting whole diameter where is
that is that up here
yeah let's open up Fusion what do I have
in Fusion
I'm sorry my
bad oh
I I'm almost positive it's 15 but I feel
like I should make it oh wait you know
what I could be it could be that
I N it's to the center I was thinking
maybe I made it like no but then it
would be even off by a lot
more I might just make it
stepper stepper
ho let's make this 4.4
because the head of
this
is I think I have this as a parameter
whatever it's 5.2 so yeah so we're we're
good that should solve that problem
and then in the motor
mount is in the part of the top assembly
mirror
wait which side has the
mirror oh
actually these ones seem right I could
get a bolt through there but I do want
to make the clearance slightly bigger so
we put
3.4 for M3
hole okay
I forget how big the magnets are
I could go get
one let's just make it 5.5 and the
indent like three
wait we want to do yes but then we want
to move this here then in this mirror
okay there we
go cool
so we fixed the three problems so far
that I've had with the assembly which is
nice there should be a small divot under
there for the
magnet which I glued on by the way so
you don't actually need that if
um um
okay so what's the next part of the
assembly oh we need to we need to go get
this thing off the printer right it's
okay so it's finishing right now then we
need to print another small
gear and oh and then we need to drill
into this thing so I'm going to go get
the drill and I'm going to go get that
and we are going to get a uh where are
my drill bits we're going to use a we're
going to use a four I
think and hopefully we don't crack it
that's the biggest fear is
that that's why a drill press is nice
because
it doesn't bind as much especially if
it's high speed the problem is I go slow
speed and then it
binds I go slow speed because I'm
holding it I need to I need to clamp it
down I think maybe we'll do this the
right way just so that I can know what
it's like to do it the right
way so I'm going to get a couple clamps
I'm going to just clamp it like
this and then I'm going to
drill
e e
oh I forgot to get the clamps damn
okay I got distracted so here is the uh
thing that holds the
solenoid this Loft isn't right
man something is seriously wrong here
so if you can see what's going wrong if
you drop the ball down it doesn't sink
far enough down
wait that on the hold on can I move this
stupid heart button this freaking Emoji
react is blocking that on
the text to
code okay I don't know I don't even know
what you're talking about but
um oh this is this is so annoying
because
I thought I had gotten that Arc perfect
in fusion and it's the same exact
parameters
so okay so let's just reprint the small
gear I'll do the bug fix on this
solenoid thing
I'm I'm kind of pissed off about that
but whatever so now we need to go to on
shape we need to
select this switch to small
gear
export oh wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait
wait I don't know if it it it might not
have applied it that would be the that
would be so annoying if if I forgot to
like confirm the sketch even though I
changed the parameter and then it
like didn't have the right
clearance yeah we're going to have to
figure out what's going on with that cuz
it does look different like right when I
printed it out it I could just sort of
tell the geometry felt a little
different the easiest thing to do would
just be make that diameter
bigger
probably if you make both those diameter
is bigger than we um
okay I need the clamps
now we got the clamps will make those
holes
bigger bro assembly actually kind of
stinks designing is so much more
fun
e e
okay maybe I can vent acetone vapor
through that opening which opening oh
you're talking about the uh the soleno
the the thing that puts they put the
ball
into yeah I have heard that acetone will
melt pla I've never tried that
though that's a pretty good idea the
thing
is I want to know what chemical reaction
it is because I would want to take the
proper
precautions but yeah I mean
that would be a pretty nice way to just
uh not have to spend two hours to
reprint this obviously still need to fix
it in CAD
but in any
case
Okay okay so we got two
clamps let's do this
you tighten
it and actually want to do it like this
on the wall so that it's
strong okay and
here okay now our drill
bit for
hey that's that's 4
mimet let's
see yeah I feel like I feel like let me
take my calipers out
because I feel like the distance between
these Center holes is not 30 I feel like
it's like 31 or
two yeah man I don't know I feel like
the
design in
um okay so I'm probably going to do it
with the 4.5 because it's still doesn't
look the problem is the 4.5 then you
really don't have that much clearance
cuz the socket head is a maximum
diameter of 5.2 but in any case we're
going to go to
the is it the bottom
plate and we're going to go back to
this
sketch and is this just a blank 15 I'm
going to make this a
parameter feel like that's always a good
idea
[Music]
um uh this is going to
be uh
stepper Shaft Center vertical wait
vertical
dist oh my gosh my computer is dying
bro I think it's the heat but it's also
like oh
wait
oh damn this thing is dead man what the
heck
and we are going to make this
15.5 and now we go back to bottom
plate stepper shaft
okay that should fix a lot of my
issues I'm actually going to watch a
video about that dude let's
see um
I like this made with layers guy
actually do I have my desktop audio
on what's up everyone at this point it
can be considered pretty much common
knowledge that you can smooth out the
layer lines of 3D printed Parts made
from ABS hips and the likes with an
acetone Vapor bath but I was told that
this should also work on some types of
PL like the ones from D filament I was
intrigued because the comment on
understanding is that pla shouldn't be
affected by acetone at all but I mean I
got plenty of three printed Parts laying
around so why not just try it
out so acetone is actually pretty cheap
to get hold of this one lit bottle cost
me just $2.99 and I use it liberally for
things like cleaning paint stripping and
anything that's similar to that as a
first step just to try and see if aceton
had any effect on pla at all I decided
just to dunk a piece in the acetone
liquid and after leaving it in there for
a few seconds it started to get really
sticky and gooey on the surface and you
could feel that layer coming off when
you were rubbing it with your fingers
parts that are dunked in acetone like
this for an extended amount of time do
get smooth out but they do lose a lot of
their stiffness and also think they lose
a lot of their strength so that's not
really recommended but thinking before
we even get into the asone vapor
smoothing part so the lack of strength
isn't an issue here because there's just
basically no load on it I mean you're
holding like a I haven't weigh these but
these are
probably what like 20 gram I don't even
know they're they're so light they're
just all
Air this is so funny this feature just
this little
hole has been such a big issue
because it's attached to so much it's so
funny
like you can just always come up with
the analog to programming it's
like do you make one big function or do
you how how much do you modularize and
how much do you abstract CU
basically it'd be hugely advantageous
just
to um decouple the feature of this hole
from this
part because it takes so many iterations
to get the geometry
right um and I think I did a stream
where I where I
actually I don't know if I did that on
stream but maybe I did where I in Fusion
I started with just the hole printed
that out then I added this the solenoid
holder walls so that I could Mount onto
it just to test that I could push it
through and then only after all of that
did I actually add the whole stand that
mounts onto the
um thing all right so let's just
uh for
okay one more
time I'm not going to clamp it
okay so let's see if it fits in
now
okay we can probably
get two in
two is good
enough one is definitely not good enough
though
uh you can see these socket heads are
actually it's actually sinking into
it it's not great but it
it's it's honestly fine
okay great so how long is that thing
going to take to
print six more minutes so what's next on
the assembly
is we're sort of just waiting on that
gear I guess in the meantime I can
fix this geometry
where's the solenoid by the
way oh here it is
I don't know it feels
like I'm going to go back
to okay I'm going to go back to uh
I mean I'm almost positive I defined
it as a t tent
Arc
e e
oh this actually isn't tangent and I bet
if we were to click on both of these and
try to apply tangency
yeah
oh I remember this so what I did in the
other design so this is the center or of
this thing because the distance
between that's so funny dude I didn't
even think about that so the distance
between this point
and oh
wait wait wait let's just do
right so that's
17.5 because this is
wow I kind of like it being tangent on
both sides
but
it's that's so funny I never noticed it
so whatever but I don't want to print
the whole thing so let's just start a
new
part uh okay so if we're going to start
a new part we can turn this
off
[Music]
um all right let me go get the small
gear and just make sure that it work oh
okay yeah I'll go get it
um where's the Big
Bolt here
10 was kind of aggressive I should have
measured this thing I was too lazy to
take it
apart okay uh so yeah fine so I'm going
to start a new part then
where I
um I
rebuild I rebuild this
part so first off
[Music]
right right so this is actually 17.5 but
then we enter
this we
fail
right right right right because see here
here see we have all of this
weird wow that that millimeter and a
half looks so significant
here I knew this thing looked thinner
let me look at the old where's the old
one
it's literally such a small
thing but I think that's literally the
only
difference is you make it you make it
tangent up
here it doesn't need to be tangent down
there then it falls
in I don't know if you can see
that
ah
okay it's so crazy how consequential
tiny little well what you think are tiny
like I was just like oh yeah tangency is
what I
wanted um
okay e
nice yeah I don't know why why I sort of
insisted on uh having tighter tolerances
there it's like it's not a it's like the
set screw is going to do it
um and 12s are going to
work so we just need the nuts we need M4
nuts we need two of
them is there a button to toggle
visibility where's my
mouse it probably
is okay so what you do for assembling
this is you take the flats and you drop
the flats in and then this is
dimensioned oh wait
oh no I think I have this on the default
configuration I'm pretty sure m5s are
bad bad news
bar wait so what I should have done is I
should have done the
configuration Okay so so we're going to
have to go back through and we're going
to have to print this yet again cuz
I I didn't know how configurations
work well it fits perfectly with an M5
nut
so we need
to print again and
believe
that okay so wait how do I find all my
configurations let's turn this off
again
um oh it's right here okay
okay well and while we're doing that we
might as
well fix the um the solenoid Fe no I
actually don't want to do that because
then I have to wait for that to uh so
we're just going to print this again
so
uh these guys well I'm not going to
throw
them see if I
care all right
um gez Louise bro okay I should have I
should have thought about that for
okay so we just have to wait 20 minutes
basically because we can't assemble this
so I might as well fix this
thing um okay let me take a piston I'll
fix this
thing
for e
okay I actually want to test and see
that the M5 configuration of the uh
thing actually doesn't work cuz I'm not
convinced that it that it doesn't well I
just don't remember really so let's put
the two M5 nuts
in and then we really only need a 12
mil M5
by
12 push it down in there
okay so
M5
M5 by
12 that should be
enough let me just verify that
like placing them in the middle was such
a good
idea placing the uh the set screw holes
in the
middle I for I'm pretty sure yeah it's
the middle of the Hub depth
so oh you know what this is going to do
this is going to do just fine I think
is this the M5 one I don't think
so m5s are big
boys
big
strong big strong
boy oh there it
is okay so we actually didn't need to
print that
that's great that we can use m5s because
m5s match the shaft
diameter we literally only have like a
mill of clearance towards the pillar but
a mill is all you need
Mill vanilla on
the Okay cool so now we are ready to put
this so wait which order are we doing
this first we're putting the top plate
on then we're putting the uh thing on so
this goes
here then we put this
in and we need to change
that I mean we need to change all this
but this is this is
6.2 let just go
in surely there is a variable for
it center bolt
dim I love that you just go and change a
number and then your whole
assembly is now more
correct that hole is now seven so
cool uh so now we need the two big n
all
right so now
why is the friction so
high no that center bolt diameter is
going to screw me I need to go look for
a bigger
bolt otherwise we have to reprint all
dude it's crazy just a tiny
little just a tiny little thing throws
the whole design I mean it just sets you
back
like I was just like I'm lazy I don't
want
to disassemble right now disassemble the
thing that we did just now and measure
that bolt and now we're totally screwed
well we're not screwed but I I'm just
saying like it's just such a kink in the
whole assembly
process we need we need like a 9 mil
millim bolt I'm going to take the
calipers and we're just going to go look
and it needs to be at
least what five plus
19 wait no no no what is what is that I
think I think no it's it's
a what is that
Hub if we go to the top
assembly wait that's
six okay so that means 6 + 19 is 25
right
no wait don't we have a parameter that
that actually defines this like top of
bottom plate
to top plate
no is it
should we just search for 25 it should
be 25 oh top bottom plate
distance
okay I knew it was at the beginning yeah
so okay so 25 so we need and then
plus jeez I'm
okay this whole thing is is actually
just like
really dumb because these are guaranteed
to come
loose I mean Nylock would sort of
work I don't know if I'm ready to commit
to Nylock
whatever okay whatever
um we need to
uh wait what are we even doing I totally
lost track trying to fix that stupid
pillar um
I was going to do
something okay whatever it's going to be
5 plus 30 30 plus two of these all right
so at least 35
M long and like
nine I don't I don't know maybe maybe
we'll find something
oh wait actually I might have just what
I
need now this only goes up to M8 by
20 M8 by 20 is gonna be too
short
e
e e
okay so I think I so I couldn't find a
bolt that was any
better than this
so I think I have to design my way out
of this mess
So the plan
is okay all right I got
it so the plan is it's going to
be a hollow cylinder with a little
right angle at the top so that you can
you can slide this over
it it'll drop down
in what is the flats distance on this
thing it's probably an
inches 42 I don't even know what that
means means all right
11 and the and the
whack the wack is
so so it's got to be less than
12 and what did I say is 10.5 or
something 11 11 and
12 so we need to make
okay all right so new part Studio
and this is going to
be lazy
dumbass forgets to
measure okay
so you can um turn this
off all right lazy dumbass forgets to
measure
so this
um okay so let's make a
q of
okay
so we want the ID to be
seven oops
oh wait what oh yeah you have to do dude
when it's yellow like this you should be
able to type um
where's
the where's the dimension on
this oh there it
is wait what how did that get all the
way out there
okay so now and we could actually make
this
um okay so now we need this to be
well what is just the length of the bolt
well we don't want to make it run the
entire length of the bolt cuz then it
covers the threads so how much is
sticking
out we want it to go
to so it's going to be I think it's
going to be 35
top top oh wait top top plate
to bottom bottom
plate this is going to be equal to 2 *
wall plus
top bottom plate
distance dude why does it always mess
that up
up
okay now on here we just
need oh God so
ridiculous what did I say needs to be
wait no it doesn't need to be smaller
than the
whack it could be arbitrary so just make
it
15 so now we want to take this profile
and this profile and we just want to
extrude it by
five but then we lose five
Ms where are the two
nuts where I put those
things there's
one there's the other okay
we just make it
three Okay cool so this is this stupid
hacky fix so is our okay so this is done
so I'm going to go get that we can uh
export
this yeah I didn't forget I was I was
just deliberately
lazy
okay e
okay but the real problem is that I
don't actually
have I don't really have
um the hell is that thrust bearing
dude I really have to make this thing
with design takes so long I mean it's
challenging
e for
for now let's just put on the
um oh come on man
that's not that big of a deal all right
we just have to do it for these
two my main worry is when you bolt into
this thing that's when it's going to get
um that's when it's going to crack I
mean at least we don't have to drill
into it cuz drilling totally messed it
up but
um another bug oh my gosh did I
really use the wrong angle
I never I don't think I ever updated the
angle oh my goodness okay so we got to
fix the bracket
design well and we have to ensure that
the
uh so okay so here's what the problem is
uh this these holes are not lined up
with so if I
take if I take all this
out wait let me just take one out these
holes aren't anywhere near where these
are they actually they they the outer Ed
the far edge of them lies onto the uh
oh
boy okay let's just fix it it's not that
big of a
deal
so
um says the bottom plate assembly so
okay so here if I actually just look on
the
front wait what
I'm so confused did I
just wa
what's wait what the heck just
happened par this 85
maybe I just didn't update the
STL no this is
85 that's 65
I'm so
confused for
if I just print out these
brackets will it
work
okay okay whatever I'm adding it to a
two list two of them is going to be fine
enough um
we did
this okay the
um oh did we actually increase the
clearance there I think we did I think
we I think yeah what we need to do is
fix the
bracket the bottom plate mounting
bracket the holes don't line
up that stinks
and I said earlier I spent so much time
trying to get this right
e
that
for
all right
at least it's
on do the other
one oh 10 mm it will be
fine wait let's see what time it
is it's only noon
in
the
hell here we go
okay there's so much
play the backlash is like five MLS no
it's six MLS because it's the difference
with no it's like it's like eight Ms or
mil I keep saying Mills but Mills I
think
means uh I think it means a thousandth
of an inch but when I mean Mills I mean
millimeters but but anyways it's like 8
mm of
play that is totally
crazy okay so let's check out fritzing
then oh yeah wait so I didn't have my